So let's dive into the core basics you need to know when work with mongodb, with the data or the documents
you store in there and let us also dive
and that's really important into all the crud basics,
crud stands for create, read, update and delete
and these are typical operations you do with your documents. You create documents, you want to well find,
retrieve or read them, you want to be able to update and change your documents
and obviously in a lot of cases, you also want to delete some data.
So we'll dive into all these core basics in this module, to be precise,
we'll have a look about the core basics or the core concepts about collections and documents and how to
work with these.
We'll have a look at the basic data types you work with in mongodb and how to well store different
data in your database and we'll have a look at these crud operations I was referring to.
I will show you which kind of queries you can run to insert data, to find data, to update or to delete
data and therefore by the end of this module, you'll have a very solid understanding of the core concepts
behind mongodb and the core concepts you need to work with
data in mongodb.
So let's get started.